{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Courier New;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}{\f2\fmodern\fprq1\fcharset0 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.18362}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\b\f0\fs28\lang1033 # Tasks 8/2019 on Desktop  \b0\fs22\par
\par
\b\f1\fs28 fastai\b0\f0\fs22\par
\par
 * More practice setting up version 0.7\par
    -  !curl command in unix, symbolic link in unix\par
       (Unix home dir: version 1.0 setup, git repo full fastai)\par
    -  similar options should be availabe for Windows OS\par
       (Currently windows: v1.0 setup for GPU & CPU??)\par
* CoLab works with v 1.0, on-Cloug & Google Drive.\par
* CoLab -- test using with v 0.7 on Google?  Transfer to GDrive?\par
\par
Try AWS -- for v 0.7 & v 1.0\par
\par
#### windows conda3 has fastv1 env, installed fastai version 1, packages in lib/site-packages, along with python 3.7.  Try it out.  Calling vision modules. 8/26/2019 10: 50 PM  ==============\par
\par
\b\f1\fs28 CS231n\b0\f0\fs22\par
\par
 * Try setting up Google Cloud GCI -- have AMI machine setup?\par
 * Have $300 credit that expires in few months, use it.\par
 * Can create another one with different gmail account later.\par
  -- Use Ubuntu\par
 * CIFAR10 -- try fasai version, png format not binary, in Windows.\par
\par
Google Cloud -- free $300 credit for GPU -- use up this year 2019.\par
 * Used datasciY.info@gmail.com -- same as google drive acct.\par
 \par
Google CoLab also uses datasciY.info@gmail.com, linked to Google Drive. \par
\par
AWS 3rd free trial, ends this year, datasciY.info@gmail.com\par
AWS 2nd free trial, expired? - jyoon@10sigmarisk.com acct(\b\f2\fs20 wb>>$10tabs\b0 )\f0\fs22\par
\par
Personal AWS -- mail@jenniferyoon.com acct.\par
\par
\par
Audible my account\par
\par
* verify that current credits will last 1 year, then change to 12-credits per year model.  Or better yet, use up all credits and stop membership.\par
\par
=================================================================\par
\par
Ubuntu WSL can now be accesses from File Explorer!\par
\par
One of the biggest benefits of this change is file handling. Previously, Windows could only modify files on the Ubuntu file system, but not create. Now, by using {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\\\\\\\wsl$\\\\Ubuntu"}}{\fldrslt{\\\\wsl$\\Ubuntu\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  in the address bar of your file explorer, one can directly access any Linux-based file, create additional ones, or remove them and the changes will be seen on the Linux-side as well.\par
\par
Win: Windows key \par
Search: Win + s \par
Run: Win + r \par
Ubuntu (1st app): Win + 1\par
\par
=========== Ubuntu setup 8/25/2019 ===============\par
\par
Reinstalled conda3 linux version to $home/jyoon/conda3 location.\par
Auto-activates base conda3 upon terminal startup.\par
\par
sudo password is "5133"\par
\par
------------------------------\par
Installing firefox:\par
\par
jyoon@Asus-S510:/opt$ firefox\par
Error: no DISPLAY environment variable specified\par
\par
Need xhost\par
\par
jyoon@Asus-S510:~$ xhost +\par
\par
Command 'xhost' not found, but can be installed with:\par
\par
sudo apt install x11-xserver-utils\par
-----------\par
\par
In conda3 base: \par
Installed packages\par
\par
jupyter notebook (includes ipython shell)\par
numpy, pandas, matplotlib, seaborn, scikit-learn (includes scipy, statsmodels), pillow, pytorch, tensorflow, tensorflow-datasets, pandas-datareader, h5py.\par
\par
For deeplearning.ai class: h5py installed to conda sbase.\par
\par
\par
pip install tensorflow  (current stable version for CPU)\par
pip install tensorflow-datasets  (need source URL)\par
\par
tf.data.Dataset API.\par
\par
conda create -n yourenvname python=x.x anaconda\par
\par
*** Delete all conda3linux on c:\\python location. *** \par
  * Previous fastai environment used python2.7.\par
  * Next time, specify python 3.7 when creating environment.\par
  * Was 11.9 GB on disk, yikes!  (was 5 GB w/o fastai)\par
  * Moved "fastai" and "fastai-1.0.57-1" folders to \par
    {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\\\\\\\wsl$\\\\Ubuntu\\\\home\\\\jyoon\\\\conda3\\\\pkgs"}}{\fldrslt{\\\\wsl$\\Ubuntu\\home\\jyoon\\conda3\\pkgs\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
* Installed pandas-datareader to Ubuntu conda3\par
  vanderplas book requirements\par
\par
\par
* sudo apt-get install gcc\par
$ pip install tensorflow-datasets\par
$ Successfully installed psutil-5.6.3 tensorflow-datasets-1.2.0 \par
Yeah!  Worked!\par
\par
*** Try importing fastai pkgs.  \par
from fastai.vision import * \par
\par
fastai-version 1.0 copied to ubuntu\\conda3.\par
\par
\par
\par
}
